docs: Improve security docs for authentication (#6272)
confluentinc/ksql: docs/operate-and-deploy/installation/server-config/security.md

```

Where each line of the output is the password encrypted using different

> mechanisms, starting with plain text. Copy any of the password encrypted

Reviewer: Maybe "Copy **all of** the password encrypted lines"?

lines onto the password file.

> The roles names are defined next to the encrypted password. These

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The role names are defined next to the encrypted password. These
```

are used by the `LoginModule` to map users to roles.

Here's an example of the password file:

```
fred: OBF:1w8t1tvf1w261w8v1w1c1tvn1w8x,user,admin
harry: changeme,user,developer
tom: MD5:164c88b302622e17050af52c89945d44,user
dick: CRYPT:adpexzg3FUZAk,admin,ksql-user
```

### Configure the ksqlDB server settings

Use the following settings in the `ksql-server.properties` file:

```properties
authentication.method=BASIC
authentication.realm=<KsqlServer-Props-in-jaas_config.file>
authentication.roles=<user-role1>,<user-role2>,...
```

> The `authentication.method` specifies ksqlDB to authenticate users using `BASIC`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `authentication.method` property indicates that ksqlDB authenticates users by using `BASIC`
```

user and password credentials.

The `authentication.realm` config must match a section within
`jaas_config.file`, which provides the login module for authentication.

> In this example, the `authentication.realm` config is set to the `KsqlServer-Props`, which

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, the `authentication.realm` config is set to `KsqlServer-Props`, which
```

was defined in the previous section:

```properties
authentication.realm=KsqlServer-Props
```

The `authentication.roles` config defines a comma-separated list of user
roles with access to the ksqlDB server. To be authorized to use the ksqlDB Server,
an authenticated user must belong to at least one of these roles.

> For example, if you define `admin` and `developer` roles, ksqlDB will allow access to only users that contain these roles

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you define `admin` and `developer` roles, ksqlDB allows access only to users that contain these roles
```

> (see configuration for the password file under the `jaas_config.file` section).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see the configuration for the password file in the `jaas_config.file` section.
```

```properties
authentication.roles=admin,developer
```

> Note. You can authorize any role by setting the `authentication.roles` to `**`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! note You can authorize any role by setting the `authentication.roles` to `**`.
```

###  Example

Password file:
```
fred: OBF:1w8t1tvf1w261w8v1w1c1tvn1w8x,user,admin
harry: changeme,user,developer
tom: MD5:164c88b302622e17050af52c89945d44,user
dick: CRYPT:adpexzg3FUZAk,admin,ksql-user
```

JAAS config file (`jaas_config.file`):
```java
KsqlServer-Props {
  org.eclipse.jetty.jaas.spi.PropertyFileLoginModule required
  file="/path/to/password-file"
  debug="false";
};
```

ksqlDB settings:
```properties
authentication.method=BASIC
authentication.realm=KsqlServer-Props
authentication.roles=admin
```

The ksqlDB server authenticates users `fred`, `harry`, `tom`, and `dick` based on the

> user and password credentials found in the password file. But only `fred` and `dick` will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
user and password credentials found in the password file. But only `fred` and `dick`
```

> be authorized to access the server because they're under the `admin` role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
authorized to access the server because they're under the `admin` role.
```
